Update pr guidelines with CodeRabbit (#35877)
dimagi/commcare-hq: CONTRIBUTING.rst

- Open for review: do not merge

As long as either of these labels are present on the PR it will have a pending status.

Reviews with CodeRabbit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. note:: CodeRabbit is still being experimented with in CommCareHQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: CodeRabbit is being evaluated as a code review tool for CommCare HQ.
```

CodeRabbit is an AI-powered code reviewer that delivers context-aware feedback on pull requests within
minutes. It provides a fresh perspective and catches issues that are often missed, enhancing the

> overall review quality.

Reviewer: Is it worth adding this even though CodeRabbit does not approve PRs?

```suggestion
overall review quality. A clean CodeRabbit review does not constitute approval allowing the PR to be merged.
```

Author: Yes, I think that's a good addition to indicate the role of CodeRabbit.
